[SGD] update SGDv2 user guide docs (#18270)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/raysgd/v2/user_guide.rst

    need to add in the proper PyTorch hooks in your training function to
    utilize it.

    **Step 1:** Wrap your model in ``DistributedDataParallel``.

    The `DistributedDataParallel <https://pytorch.org/docs/master/generated/torch.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel.html>`_
    container will parallelize the input ``Module`` across the worker processes.

    .. code-block:: python

        from torch.nn.parallel import DistributedDataParallel

        model = DistributedDataParallel(model)

    **Step 2:** Update your ``DataLoader`` to use a ``DistributedSampler``.

    The `DistributedSampler <https://pytorch.org/docs/master/data.html#torch.utils.data.distributed.DistributedSampler>`_
    will split the data across the workers, so each process will train on
    only a subset of the data.

    .. code-block:: python

        from torch.utils.data import DataLoader, DistributedSampler

        data_loader = DataLoader(dataset,
                                 batch_size=batch_size,
                                 sampler=DistributedSampler(dataset))

  .. group-tab:: TensorFlow

    .. note::
       The current TensorFlow implementation supports

>        ``MultiWorkerMirroredStrategy`` with the Keras API. If there are other

Reviewer: Nit: This doesn't necessarily have to be with the Keras API. It can also be with a custom training loop: https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/distribute/multi_worker_with_ctl

Reviewer: Regular `MirroredStrategy` is also supported (not just `MultiWorkerMirroredStrategy`).

    size.

    The `batch <https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/data/Dataset#batch>`_
    will be split evenly across worker processes, so ``batch_size`` should be
    set appropriately.

    .. code-block:: diff

        -batch_size = worker_batch_size
        +batch_size = worker_batch_size * num_workers

  .. group-tab:: Horovod

    If you have a training function that already runs with the `Horovod Ray
    Executor <https://horovod.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ray_include.html#horovod-ray-executor>`_,
    you should not need to make any additional changes!

    To onboard onto Horovod, please visit the `Horovod guide
    <https://horovod.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html#get-started>`_.

Create RaySGD Trainer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``Trainer`` is the primary RaySGD class that is used to manage state and
execute training. You can create a simple ``Trainer`` for the backend of choice
with one of the following:

.. code-block:: python

    torch_trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)

    tensorflow_trainer = Trainer(backend="tensorflow", num_workers=2)

    horovod_trainer = Trainer(backend="horovod", num_workers=2)

> For more configurability, please reference the :ref:`sgd-api-trainer` API.

Reviewer: Nit: Can you also link to the `BackendConfig` section in the API docs somewhere here on how to configure the backend.

Author: Good call out! I had this before in the code block but accidentally deleted it while cleaning this section up without adding a link...

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Attribute              | Example                                           |
+========================+===================================================+
| trainer.logdir         | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00         |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| trainer.latest_run_dir | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+

Logs will be written by:

1. :ref:`Logging Callbacks <sgd-logging-callbacks>`
2. :ref:`Checkpoints <sgd-checkpointing>`

.. TODO link to Training Run Iterator API as a 3rd option for logging.

.. _sgd-monitoring:

Logging, Monitoring, and Callbacks
----------------------------------

Reporting intermediate results
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RaySGD provides an ``sgd.report(**kwargs)`` API for reporting intermediate
results from the training function up to the ``Trainer``.

Using ``Trainer.run``, these results can be processed through :ref:`Callbacks
<sgd-callbacks>` with a ``handle_result`` method defined.

> For custom handling, the lower-level ``Trainer.run_iterator`` API produces an

Reviewer: Link to run_iterator API reference?

Quick Start
-----------

> .. TODO: make this runnable :)

Author: Yep this is a good idea, will follow-up with this for sure!

> .. TODO: make this runnable :)

Reviewer: Can you add a TODO for this?

> .. TODO: make this runnable :)

Author: Yeah that's a good point, I had the same concern.

            results = model(x)
        return results

> To convert this to RaySGD, we add a ``config`` parameter to ``train_func()``:

Reviewer: `config` parameter is optional

Author: I moved this out of the `Quick Start` and into ` Configurations` section. Will fix the Quick Start to actually run in a following PR.

        TODO. Write about how to convert code to use horovod.

.. _sgd-logging:

> Logging

Reviewer: Can we add a section for the different backends here?

Reviewer: Also we should have advanced usage section with the `run_iterator` and Class APIs

Author: 1. Added a `Backends` section to summarize the supported backends.
2. Added a commented-out section for the advanced APIs. Will populate this in more detail in a separate PR.
3. Will follow-up in a separate PR to populate the `Porting code to RaySGD` section.

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| trainer.latest_run_dir | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+

Logs will be written by:

1. :ref:`Logging Callbacks <_sgd-logging-callbacks>`
2. :ref:`Checkpoints <_sgd-checkpointing>`

Reporting
---------
RaySGD provides an ``sgd.report(**kwargs)`` API for reporting intermediate
results from the training function up to the ``Trainer``.

Using ``Trainer.run``, these results can be processed  through :ref:`Callbacks
<_sgd-callbacks>` with a ``handle_result`` method defined.

For custom handling, the lower-level ``Trainer.run_iterator`` API produces an
``SGDIterator`` which will iterate over the reported results.

The primary use-case for reporting is for metrics (accuracy, loss, etc.)

Autofilled metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In addition to user defined metrics, a few fields are automatically populated:

* ``_timestamp``
* ``_time_this_iter_s``
* ``_training_iteration``

For debugging purposes, a more extensive set of metrics can be included in

> any run by setting the ``ENABLE_DETAILED_AUTOFILLED_METRICS_ENV`` environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
any run by setting the ``SGD_RESULT_ENABLE_DETAILED_AUTOFILLED_METRICS`` environment
```
What was there before is the constant name, but not the actual value

        TODO. Write about how to convert code to use horovod.

.. To make existing code from the previous SGD API, see :ref:`Backwards Compatibility <sgd-backwards-compatibility>`.

> Configurations

Author: Added this as a TODO in `Porting code to RaySGD`

.. code-block:: diff

    -def train_func():
    +def train_func(config):

Then, you can pass in the config dictionary as an argument to ``Trainer.run``:

.. code-block:: diff

    -trainer.run(train_func)
    +config = {} # This should be populated.
    +trainer.run(train_func, config=config)

Putting this all together, you can run your training function with different
configurations. As an example:

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.util.sgd.v2 import Trainer

    def train_func(config):
        results = []
        for i in range(config["num_epochs"]):
            results.append(i)
        return results

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    print(trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 2}))
    # [[0, 1], [0, 1]]
    print(trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 5}))
    # [[0, 1, 2, 3, 4], [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]]
    trainer.shutdown()

A primary use-case for ``config`` is to try different hyperparameters. To
perform hyperparameter tuning with RaySGD, please refer to the
:ref:`Ray Tune integration <tune-sgd>`.

.. TODO add support for with_parameters

.. _sgd-logging:

> Logging

Author: Hmm, this section only refers to logging though. Should I convert these all into subsections within a `Logging, Monitoring, and Callbacks` section or is that too granular?

> Logging

Reviewer: Yeah I'm thinking about this some more and to me `sgd.report()`, Callbacks, Logging Callbacks, and the `run_iterator` API are all related and I think makes sense to have as subsections of a single section.

As a user it might get confusing to have separate sections on these things, when really I have to understand these concepts together to use them end-to-end. Reading just the callbacks section is not going to be useful if I don't learn about `sgd.report()` and vice versa.

What about something like this:
Directory Structure
Logging, Monitoring, and Callbacks
    1. Reporting Intermediate Results
    2. Callbacks
    3. Custom Logging & Monitoring
        3a. Custom callbacks
        3b. Link to run_iterator API and show mlflow example

> Logging

Author: I added a line for custom logging callback within the `Logging Callbacks` section. Since this section already links to `Logging Callbacks`, I didn't add another section here.

For `run_iterator` I left a TODO since that section itself is still commented out in the docs.

> Logging

Reviewer: Can we also add a TODO for showing an example of a custom callback?

> Logging

Author: Yeah that makes sense! I kept `Custom Callbacks` directly under `Callbacks` since I think it's more natural to read, and didn't add the `Custom Logging & Monitoring` section for the `run_iterator` example, maybe because right now I'm not yet convinced we want to highlight this API... even the `mlflow` example looks like it can be done in a callback.

> Logging

Author: What type of example did you have in mind, and where did you want it to be? I added some notes in `Logging Callbacks` and `Custom Callbacks` explaining how to add a custom callback (i.e. subclassing), not sure if showing an example is redundant with the other examples where we define a `PrintingCallback`.

> Logging

Reviewer: Yeah it can be done in a callback, but the callback doesn’t exist yet. I think it’s important to highlight this to show users that it’s relatively easy to do this themselves and they don’t need to wait for us to implement certain callbacks in order to have this functionality.

> Logging

Reviewer: If I have a workflow with distributed Pytorch and MLflow, I shouldn’t not use Ray SGD just because there’s no mlflow callback. Because it’s not too difficult to do this with the run_iterator API.

Same thing can generalize to library X.

> Logging

Reviewer: I just think this isn’t something we should try to hide and can actually be useful for users.

> Logging

Reviewer: Oh yes that’s right. Maybe just link to that then?

> Logging

Reviewer: Actually nvm it’s the section right above anyways

> Logging

Author: Added a TODO section for `Advanced Customization` based on the iterator API. Will add this along with the section for the iterator API in a future PR, but in general this should explain when to use this API over defining a custom callback (e.g. for more complex integrations with other libraries).

-------

Each ``Trainer`` will have a local directory created for logs, and each call
to ``Trainer.run`` will create its own sub-directory of logs.

By default, the ``logdir`` will be created at
``~/ray_results/sgd_<datestring>``.
This can be overridden in the ``Trainer`` constructor to an absolute path or
a path relative to ``~/ray_results``.

Log directories are exposed through the following attributes:

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Attribute              | Example                                           |
+========================+===================================================+
| trainer.logdir         | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00         |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| trainer.latest_run_dir | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+

Logs will be written by:

1. :ref:`Logging Callbacks <sgd-logging-callbacks>`
2. :ref:`Checkpoints <sgd-checkpointing>`

> Reporting

Author: Ah yeah, that's right. I tried to make this consistent with the API. Changing this to `Monitoring training (sgd.report)` so it's easier for users to find this section if they're looking through the table of contents.

> Reporting

Reviewer: If we combine them into a single section, then it should be fine to leave as is (see above comment)

> Reporting

Author: Okay converted to a subsection and changed back to `Reporting intermediate results`.

    +def train_func(config):

Then, you can pass in the config dictionary as an argument to ``Trainer.run``:

.. code-block:: diff

    -trainer.run(train_func)
    +config = {} # This should be populated.
    +trainer.run(train_func, config=config)

Putting this all together, you can run your training function with different
configurations. As an example:

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.util.sgd.v2 import Trainer

    def train_func(config):
        results = []
        for i in range(config["num_epochs"]):
            results.append(i)
        return results

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    print(trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 2}))
    # [[0, 1], [0, 1]]
    print(trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 5}))
    # [[0, 1, 2, 3, 4], [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]]
    trainer.shutdown()

A primary use-case for ``config`` is to try different hyperparameters. To
perform hyperparameter tuning with RaySGD, please refer to the
:ref:`Ray Tune integration <tune-sgd>`.

.. TODO add support for with_parameters

.. _sgd-logging:

Logging, Monitoring, and Callbacks
----------------------------------

Logging
~~~~~~~

> Each ``Trainer`` will have a local directory created for logs, and each call

Reviewer: To me, this section doesn't really belong in Logging. When I think of logging in an ML context, I think of logging results to Tensorboard for example, not log files. I think it might make more sense to move this to its own "Directory Structure" section outside of the "Logging, Monitoring, and Callbacks" section.

Author: Gotcha, forgot that Checkpoints was in a different section. Updated!

+========================+===================================================+
| trainer.logdir         | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00         |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| trainer.latest_run_dir | /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+

Logs will be written by:

1. :ref:`Logging Callbacks <sgd-logging-callbacks>`
2. :ref:`Checkpoints <sgd-checkpointing>`

.. TODO link to Training Run Iterator API as a 3rd option for logging.

Reporting intermediate results
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RaySGD provides an ``sgd.report(**kwargs)`` API for reporting intermediate
results from the training function up to the ``Trainer``.

Using ``Trainer.run``, these results can be processed  through :ref:`Callbacks
<sgd-callbacks>` with a ``handle_result`` method defined.

For custom handling, the lower-level ``Trainer.run_iterator`` API produces an
``SGDIterator`` which will iterate over the reported results.

The primary use-case for reporting is for metrics (accuracy, loss, etc.)

> Distributed metrics (for Pytorch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: PyTorch Distributed metrics
```

    class PrintingCallback(SGDCallback):
        def handle_result(self, results: List[Dict], **info):
            print(results)

    def train_func():
        for i in range(3):
            sgd.report(epoch=i)

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    result = trainer.run(
        train_func,
        callbacks=[PrintingCallback()]
    )
    # [{'epoch': 0, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0020279884338378906, '_training_iteration': 1}, {'epoch': 0, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0014922618865966797, '_training_iteration': 1}]
    # [{'epoch': 1, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0008401870727539062, '_training_iteration': 2}, {'epoch': 1, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0007486343383789062, '_training_iteration': 2}]
    # [{'epoch': 2, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0014500617980957031, '_training_iteration': 3}, {'epoch': 2, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0015292167663574219, '_training_iteration': 3}]
    trainer.shutdown()

.. Here is a list of callbacks that are supported by RaySGD:

.. * JsonLoggerCallback
.. * TBXLoggerCallback

> .. * WandbCallback

Author: These are all commented out for now! I wanted to wait until we had more than just logging callbacks before adding this back in, since the following section is `Logging Callbacks`.

> .. * WandbCallback

Reviewer: Ah sorry I missed that. Sounds good!

.. * MlflowCallback
.. * CSVCallback

.. note:: When using RayTune, these callbacks will not be used.

.. _sgd-logging-callbacks:

Logging Callbacks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following ``Callback``\s are available and will write to a file within the
:ref:`log directory <sgd-logging>` of each training run.

1. ``JsonLoggerCallback``
2. ``TBXLoggerCallback``

> 

Author: Sounds good, adding a section for custom callbacks!

    # [{'epoch': 1, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0008401870727539062, '_training_iteration': 2}, {'epoch': 1, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0007486343383789062, '_training_iteration': 2}]
    # [{'epoch': 2, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0014500617980957031, '_training_iteration': 3}, {'epoch': 2, '_timestamp': 1630471763, '_time_this_iter_s': 0.0015292167663574219, '_training_iteration': 3}]
    trainer.shutdown()

.. Here is a list of callbacks that are supported by RaySGD:

.. * JsonLoggerCallback
.. * TBXLoggerCallback
.. * WandbCallback
.. * MlflowCallback
.. * CSVCallback

.. note:: When using RayTune, these callbacks will not be used.

.. _sgd-logging-callbacks:

Logging Callbacks
+++++++++++++++++

The following ``Callback``\s are available and will write to a file within the
:ref:`log directory <sgd-logging>` of each training run.

1. ``JsonLoggerCallback``
2. ``TBXLoggerCallback``

You can also implement a logging callback with

> custom logic by subclassing ``SGDSingleFileLoggingCallback`` or

Reviewer: what about subclassing `SGDCallback`? Do we want to tell users about `SGDSingleFileLoggingCallback` or `SGDSingleWorkerLoggingCallback`?

Author: Removed the line since there's a Custom Callbacks section right after. We should reexamine `SGDSingleFileLoggingCallback` and `SGDSingleWorkerLoggingCallback` in the future. :)

``SGDSingleWorkerLoggingCallback``.

Custom Callbacks
++++++++++++++++

If the provided callbacks do not cover your desired integrations or use-cases,
you may always implement a custom callback by subclassing ``Callback``. If
the callback is general enough, please feel welcome to add it to the ``ray``

> repository.

Reviewer: Can you add an example for custom callback here?

Author: Added!

``latest_checkpoint`` attribute.

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.util.sgd import v2 as sgd
    from ray.util.sgd.v2 import Trainer

    def train_func(config):
        model = 0 # This should be replaced with a real model.
        for epoch in range(config["num_epochs"]):
            model += epoch
            sgd.save_checkpoint(epoch=epoch, model=model)

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 5})
    trainer.shutdown()

    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint)
    # {'epoch': 4, 'model': 10}

By default, checkpoints will be persisted to local disk in the :ref:`log
directory <sgd-log-dir>` of each run.

.. code-block:: python

    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint_dir)
    # /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001/checkpoints
    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint_path)
    # /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001/checkpoints/checkpoint_000005

.. note:: Persisting checkpoints to durable storage (e.g. S3) is not yet supported.

Configuring checkpoints
+++++++++++++++++++++++

For more configurability of checkpointing behavior (specifically saving

> checkpoints to disk), a ``CheckpointStrategy`` can be passed into

Reviewer: Link to `CheckpointStrategy` API reference?

Checkpoints can be saved by calling ``sgd.save_checkpoint(**kwargs)`` in the
training function. This will propagate the data from only the rank 0 worker.

The latest saved checkpoint can be accessed through the ``Trainer``'s
``latest_checkpoint`` attribute.

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.util.sgd import v2 as sgd
    from ray.util.sgd.v2 import Trainer

    def train_func(config):
        model = 0 # This should be replaced with a real model.
        for epoch in range(config["num_epochs"]):
            model += epoch
            sgd.save_checkpoint(epoch=epoch, model=model)

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 5})
    trainer.shutdown()

    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint)
    # {'epoch': 4, 'model': 10}

By default, checkpoints will be persisted to local disk in the :ref:`log
directory <sgd-logging>` of each run.

.. code-block:: python

    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint_dir)
    # /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001/checkpoints
    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint_path)
    # /home/ray_results/sgd_2021-09-01_12-00-00/run_001/checkpoints/checkpoint_000005

> 

Author: Yes good point!

   persistence altogether. Additional functionality coming soon!

Loading checkpoints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Checkpoints can be loaded into the training function in 2 steps:

1. From the training function, ``sgd.load_checkpoint()`` can be used to access
``trainer.latest_checkpoint``.
2. ``trainer.latest_checkpoint`` can be bootstrapped by passing in the
``checkpoint`` argument of ``trainer.run()``.

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.util.sgd import v2 as sgd
    from ray.util.sgd.v2 import Trainer

    def train_func(config):
        checkpoint = sgd.load_checkpoint() or {}
        # This should be replaced with a real model.
        model = checkpoint.get("model", 0)
        start_epoch = checkpoint.get("epoch", -1) + 1
        for epoch in range(start_epoch, config["num_epochs"]):
            model += epoch
            sgd.save_checkpoint(epoch=epoch, model=model)

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    trainer.run(train_func, config={"num_epochs": 5},
                checkpoint={"epoch": 2, "model": 3})
    trainer.shutdown()

    print(trainer.latest_checkpoint)
    # {'epoch': 4, 'model': 10}

> Checkpoints can be loaded to support resuming from a previously saved

Author: Good point! Since this context is already covered in the start of the `Checkpointing` section, I removed this sentence altogether.

.. TODO.

Fault Tolerance & Elastic Training
----------------------------------

RaySGD has built-in fault tolerance to recover from worker failures (i.e.
``RayActorError``\s). When a failure is detected, the workers will be shut
down and new workers will be added in. The training function will be
restarted, but progress from the previous execution can be resumed through
checkpointing.

.. note:: In order to retain progress when recovery, your training function
   **must** implement logic for both saving *and* loading :ref:`checkpoints
   <sgd-checkpointing>`.

> The number of retries is configurable through the ``max_retries`` argument of

Author: Added a definition

.. TODO.

Training on a large dataset
---------------------------

.. note:: This feature is coming soon!

SGD provides native support for :ref:`Ray Datasets <datasets>`. You can pass in a Dataset to RaySGD via ``Trainer.run``\.
Underneath the hood, RaySGD will automatically shard the given dataset.

.. code-block:: python

    def train_func(config):
        batch_size = config["worker_batch_size"]
        data_shard = ray.sgd.get_data_shard()
        dataloader = data_shard.to_torch(batch_size=batch_size)

        for x, y in dataloader:
            output = model(x)
            ...

        return model

    trainer = Trainer(num_workers=8, backend="torch")
    dataset = ray.data.read_csv("...").filter().pipeline(length=50)

    result = trainer.run(
        train_func,
        config={"worker_batch_size": 64},
        dataset=dataset)

.. note:: This feature currently does not work with elastic training.

.. _tune-sgd:

Hyperparameter tuning (Ray Tune)
--------------------------------

> Hyperparameter tuning with Ray Tune is natively supported with RaySGD. Specifically, you can take an existing training function and follow these steps:

Author: Updated the text as suggested! 

Can you clarify what you meant by the original comment?
> Link to the necessary Tune sections down below?

I just added a link to the Tune docs, is that what you were referring to?

    analysis = tune.run(trainable, config={
        "lr": tune.uniform(), "batch_size": tune.randint(1, 2, 3)}, num_samples=12)

Distributed metrics (for Pytorch)
---------------------------------

> In real applications, you may want to calculate optimization metrics besides

Reviewer: These section feels out of place here, I think it should belong in the logging section.

Author: Yep makes sense, moved!

    import torch
    import torchmetrics
    from ray.util.sgd.v2 import Trainer

    def train_func(config):
        preds = torch.randn(10, 5).softmax(dim=-1)
        target = torch.randint(5, (10,))

>         # In a real use-case this would be passed into sgd.report()

Reviewer: I think we should show the full real use-case using `sgd.report()` in this example itself.

Author: Updated!

        # and processed with a Callback.
        return torchmetrics.functional.accuracy(preds, target)

    trainer = Trainer(backend="torch", num_workers=2)
    trainer.start()
    print(trainer.run(train_func))
    # [tensor(0.3000), tensor(0.3000)]
    trainer.shutdown()

..
    Advanced APIs
    -------------

    TODO

>     Training Run Iterator API

Reviewer: On second thought, this might make more sense in the Monitoring Training/Logging section.

Author: Hmmm, I prefer to keep it here because there are other use-cases for this API e.g. integrations with other libraries. We can move it in the future after filling out the details and seeing if it fits better somewhere else then?

Reviewer: I think we should link it from the logging section to here then.

Author: Done! (as a TODO since this section isn't written yet).

    analysis = tune.run(trainable, config={
        "lr": tune.uniform(), "batch_size": tune.randint(1, 2, 3)}, num_samples=12)
..
    Advanced APIs
    -------------

    TODO

    Training Run Iterator API
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    TODO

    Stateful Class API
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    TODO

.. _sgd-backwards-compatibility:

..
    Backwards Compatibility

>     -------------

Reviewer: Can you align this so it's rendered properly?

Author: I left this indented as a comment for now. Planning to add this in after Class API is implemented and we can include an example.
